[AIP-158] Add guidance for the paginated response field. (#419)
googleapis/aip: aip/0158.md

- Response messages for collections **should** define a
  `string next_page_token` field, providing the user with a page token that may
  be used to retrieve the next page.

>   - The field being paginated over **should** be the first field in the message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The field containing pagination results **should** be the first field in the
    message
```

I don't know how to do multi-line comments... sorry about this...

Author: Eh, I can `git pull` and fix it. :)

>     and have a field number of `1`. It **should not** be a primitive field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    and have a field number of `1`. It **should** be a repeated field
    containing a list of resources constituting a single page of results.
```
